add staking v2 precompile (#64)
latent-to/developer-docs: docs/evm-tutorials/staking-precompile.md

   - Click on **Submit Transaction** at the bottom right. This will open the **authorize transaction** window.
   - On this **authorize transaction** window, make sure the **sign and submit** toggle is ON and click on the **Sign and Submit** on the bottom right.

## Staking V1 and V2.

> There are two versions of staking precompile implemenation, V1 and V2. The contract address for V1 is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000801`. The address for V2 is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000805`. The V1 is deprecated, just being kept for compatiable with old interface. The major difference between V1 and V2 is, the staking amount is fetched from the msg.value in V1. Then precompile transfer the token back to caller. It is misleading and confuses the solidity developers. In V2 implementation, all amount parameters are defined as parameter of transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two versions of staking precompile implemenation, V1 and V2. The contract address for V1 is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000801`. The address for V2 is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000805`.  V1 is deprecated, but is kept for backwards-compatibility. The major difference between V1 and V2 is that the staking amount is fetched from the `msg.value` in V1. Then precompile transfers the token back to the caller. It is misleading and confuses solidity developers. In the V2 implementation, all amount parameters are defined as parameter of transaction.
```

## Call the staking precompile from another smart contract (staking pool use case)

> In this interaction you will compile [`stakeV2.sol`](https://github.com/opentensor/evm-bittensor/blob/main/solidity/stakeV2.sol), a smart contract Solidity code and execute it on the subtensor EVM. This `stakeV2.sol` will, in turn, call the staking precompile that is already deployed in the subtensor EVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this interaction you will compile [`stakeV2.sol`](https://github.com/opentensor/evm-bittensor/blob/main/solidity/stakeV2.sol), a Solidity smart contract code, and execute it on the Subtensor EVM. This `stakeV2.sol` will, in turn, call the staking precompile that is already deployed on the Subtensor EVM.
```

In this tutorial, you will interact directly with the staking precompile by using its ABI, and use your Metamask wallet as the source of TAO to stake.

> 1. Copy this below ABI from https://github.com/opentensor/subtensor/blob/main/precompiles/src/solidity/stakingV2.abi into Remix IDE as a new file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the ABI from https://github.com/opentensor/subtensor/blob/main/precompiles/src/solidity/stakingV2.abi into Remix IDE as a new file.
```

   3. Toggle **include option** OFF for the second parameter.
   4. Click the **+** button and find the new stake record.

## Questions about Call the staking precompile from another smart contract.

> 1. which one is the coldkey?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    Since the precompile can't get the orginal caller, the precompile takes the contract's address as coldkey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The precompile takes the contract's address as the **coldkey**, since the precompile can't get the original caller.
```

> 2. is the token subtracted from contract or original caller if calling the addStake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   The contract need to pay the token. so must guarantee the balance of contract is enough to call addStake.

> 3. any security issue for the contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    Because the token for addStake is subtracted from contract. We must set the transaction as priviledged one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  The transaction must be *privileged* because the liquidity for `addStake` is subtracted from contract.
```

>    like the example in [the link will be available after a PR merged in subtensor side]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--   example in link will be available after a PR merged in subtensor side --> 
```

4. the unit of amount in addStake, removeStake

>    As the function parameter indicates, all these are aligned with the decimal of TAO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As the function parameter indicates, `amount` in `addStake` and `removeStake` are specified in TAO $\tau$.
```
